you
things always different around this time
aren't they
come on Dan
the good dr. Zoe told you it is all in
your head this is all in your head
you
damn
hello damn who who are you you have
discovered me dan just discovered you
what do you mean I am purple keeper of
the morning hours I am the one you since
no no no no no no no that is impossible
you aren't wheel dr. banner has already
to know my secrets you sense what the
morning does to the world
if you are wheel what do you want with
me to come with to come with
to come with well with me we need others
like you I don't understand you do
understand without us the world would
never renew itself you mean yes your
feelings are real the mornings are
different and you want me to yes we want
you to help us we need you to help us
you are the one of the few who feels us
right I I can't go with you and I've
worked too hard to convince myself maybe
maybe I should have my authentication
yeah that's it maybe dr. we will give
you one hour to decide we can't force
you to come but you should know this is
the first and last morning for you
little win damn we don't work in the Sun
I don't know what to do but I know but
when the Sun comes up it will be too
late I will never have this chance again
have made my choice I'll leave all my
belongings to my family love you all
goodbye
are you ready yes then let's begin
you